= ez_patch

A compilation of patches which can be shared between eZ Publish installations. Aids maintenance and upgrading.

== Features

See inline comments for details. Search for HACK!

* eznewsletter-1.6b
  * Fixes a host of bugs
* ezoe-5.0.4 (hope to remove)
  * add modified time to cached js+css files.
  * mofifications for _soextra extension
* varnish-4.2.0
  * specific hacks for varnish compatability. Should be able to move all this to workflows.
* ezpublish-4.2.0
  * misc stuff, mostly for implementing advanced frontend editing features in ez_sbase.
	
Also moves the 'share/icons' location so 'share' directory can be symlinked.


== Installation

1. Include in 'patch' directory in root of eZ Publish installation.

2. Create 'patch_paths.php' in root:
	
	<?php

		// Array of patches within ez_patch that you want to include for this installation
		$patches = array(
		    'varnish-4.2.0',
			'eznewsletter-1.6b',
			'ezoe-5.0.4',
			'ezpublish-4.2.0'
		);
		
		$base_path = 'patch/';
		for ( $i = count($patches)-1; $i >= 0; $i-- )
		{
			set_include_path($base_path . $patches[$i] . PATH_SEPARATOR . get_include_path());
		}
	
	?>

3. Create 'patch_index.php' etc to override starting files:
	
	<?php

	include( 'patch_paths.php' );
	include( 'index.php' );
	
	?>
	
4. Repeat with other startup files, eg:

* index_image.php
* index_image_dfsmysql.php
* index_image_mysql.php
* index_treemenu.php
* index_ajax.php
* runcronjobs.php
* soap.php
* webdav.php

5. Modify server setup (e. http.conf) to call 'patch_index.php' instead of defaults, Eg:
	
	# for Eclipse integration
	RewriteRule soap/? /patch_soap.php [L]
	
	# for ezjscore extension
	RewriteRule ezjscore/call/ /patch_index_ajax.php [L]
	RewriteRule ezjscore/run/ /patch_index_ajax.php [L]
	
	RewriteRule ^/content/treemenu/.* /patch_index_treemenu.php [L]
	
	RewriteRule .* /patch_index.php

6. OPTIONAL. Add to icon.ini (included in ez_sbase):
	
	[IconSettings]
	# Where to look for icons, relative to eZ Publish
	Repository=patch/icons
	
7. OPTIONAL. Add rewrite rule:
	
	Rewriterule ^/patch/icons/.* - [L]